[CLAUDE_CODEX_SETUP_MANIFEST]

SETUP_STATUS=READY
LAST_CONFIRMED_DATE=2026-07-24

HOST_ENVIRONMENT=Native Windows, not WSL
SHELL=PowerShell
IDE=Visual Studio Code

CLAUDE_CLI_COMMAND=claude
CODEX_CLI_COMMAND=codex
CLAUDE_AUTH=Browser-based cached login
CODEX_AUTH=Browser-based cached ChatGPT login
API_KEYS_EMBEDDED_IN_MCP_CONFIG=No

MCP_SERVER_NAME=codex-global
MCP_TRANSPORT=stdio
MCP_SCOPE=user
MCP_COMMAND=Absolute path to codex.exe
MCP_ARGUMENTS=mcp-server
MCP_CONFIG_LOCATION=%USERPROFILE%\.claude.json
MCP_AVAILABLE_ACROSS_PROJECTS=Yes

MCP_EXPECTED_TOOLS=codex,codex-reply
CODEX_DIRECT_TEST=CODEX_CLI_OK
CLAUDE_TO_CODEX_MCP_TEST=CODEX_MCP_OK
THREAD_CONTINUATION_TOOL=codex-reply

CODEX_HOME=%USERPROFILE%\.codex
CODEX_HOME_SOURCE=Default; CODEX_HOME environment variable was not explicitly required
CLAUDE_CONFIG_DIRECTORY=%USERPROFILE%\.claude
CLAUDE_CONFIG_SOURCE=Default; CLAUDE_CONFIG_DIR environment variable was not explicitly required

NORMAL_REVIEW_PERMISSIONS=sandbox read-only, approval-policy never
NORMAL_EDIT_PERMISSIONS=sandbox workspace-write, approval-policy on-request
UNATTENDED_TRUSTED_EDIT_PERMISSIONS=sandbox workspace-write, approval-policy never
DANGER_FULL_ACCESS=Not used

FAILOVER_ARCHITECTURE=When Claude is functioning, it can call codex-global through MCP. If Claude is unavailable or out of usage, an external PowerShell watchdog must invoke codex exec directly.
AUTOMATIC_FALLBACK_COMMAND=codex exec
IMPORTANT_LIMITATION=Claude cannot invoke its MCP tools when Claude itself is unavailable.

FUTURE_SYSTEM_INSTRUCTION=Treat this environment as already installed, authenticated, and tested. Do not reinstall Claude Code, Codex, or recreate the MCP entry unless a validation command actually fails. Check the existing codex-global registration first.

[/CLAUDE_CODEX_SETUP_MANIFEST]


Feedback "23-Jul-2026

Dear Mr. Zhao:

"AlGaN/GaN Hall-Effect Sensor for In-Situ Magnetic Field Monitoring of the HSX Stellarator" (Manuscript ID SENSL-26-07-RL-1061), which you submitted to IEEE Sensors Letters, has been reviewed.

Unfortunately, we must decline the manuscript for publication at this time. However, because we believe the work has merit, we invite you to consider submitting a revised manuscript that takes the reviewers' comments into consideration. It would be given a new Manuscript ID and reviewed again.

After you have revised your manuscript, please submit it by going to the submission site.

https://ieee.atyponrex.com/submission/submissionBoard/REX-PROD-2-B16111D9-5CC0-4019-A52D-6A06D1BF6EDB-4EF4E7AF-1262-48DD-8A61-4B1F02BADD1F-23716/current?idtype=external

If using ScholarOne:In Step 1, you will be asked to respond to this decision letter. Here you may include confidential information to the editor, not intended for the reviewers.

In Step 5 of the re-submission process, please indicate that the manuscript has been submitted previously, and enter the original article number, SENSL-26-07-RL-1061.

In Step 6 you should delete any obsolete, original submission files (e.g., MAIN DOCUMENT) and upload your new MAIN DOCUMENT. You should also upload a SUPPLEMENTARY FILE in which you have responded to the reviewers' remarks. Please state how you satisfied (or why you declined to satisfy) each suggestion from the reviewers. Then click Save and Continue, and complete the other steps for re-submission.

Once we receive your revised version, it may be sent again to reviewers (who will see your responses in your SUPPLEMENTARY FILE). They may recommend further changes before a final decision on publication is reached.

If using Author Portal,  please follow the instructions on the site.

Once we receive your revised version, it may be sent again to reviewers (who will see your responses in your SUPPLEMENTARY FILE). They may recommend further changes before a final decision on publication is reached.

Thank you for sending your manuscript to us for consideration. We look forward to further contributions from you in the future.

Sincerely,

Dr. Giacomo LangfelderAEIC, IEEE Sensors Letters

Manuscript Title: AlGaN/GaN Hall-Effect Sensor for In-Situ Magnetic Field Monitoring of the HSX StellaratorID: SENSL-26-07-RL-1061

Editor's comments to author, if anyAssociate EditorComments to the Author:Please look through the reviewer comments and address all concerns. The main concern I share with the reviewers is novelty of this research. This paper is only showing changes in sensing values, but not in terms of what it is intended to sense (magnetic field). This could be good as a conference paper scope, but IEEE Sensors Letters requires a fully finished study of the intended sensing output. To address one of the reviewers, I would highly recommend to better communicate how this compares to other GaN sensors. A comparison table comparing performance would be highly useful here and also help with novelty. I have a few follow-on questions: what prevented the team from doing repetitive tests of the sensor to get statistical data on its performance (only one module was tested) - without repetition, we cannot have confidence in repeatability of its performance across fabrication iterations (if this is established in previous literature, it needs to be clearly shown in the paper on its own here) and why is there not a bench top calibration of the probe at the minimum. While the sensor is showing different magnetic field dynamics with the plasma, that is interesting from a plasma physics perspective, but the focus in a 4 page letters for sensors should be on the sensor itself. I believe Figure 5 is useful for the general audience to understand more about the various magnetic field environments occurring in HSX, but it does need to show it in magnetic field values (even if uncertainty regions are included, it will help the readers understand the order of magnitude they are seeing here). In general, these various changes come down to sensor bandwidth, parasitics, etc. that influence how well it can track magnetic field changes and how that compares to previous sensors of this class. Your packaging could potentially be novel if additional care compared to previous work improves parasitics in terms of wire bonding, bond pad topology, etc. It's a full sensor system you have here. For repeatability, I understand each shot is unique in HSX and you cannot perfectly repeat three iterations of the sensor in the same spot or even in parallel due to most likely space limitations. However, bench top testing of three fabrication iterations (unless only one sensor was made - please explain why this would be the case if it is) and showing how close responses are to each other under the same controlled field would help build confidence that this sensor is repeatable.

Reviewers' comments to author, if any (please also check your Author Center for other files):Reviewer: 1

Comments to the AuthorGeneral comments: The paper is very well written and clear about what it is conveying. The device itself is novel and unique to my knowledge. A magnetic field probe that can accurately measure low frequency fields in harsh plasma environments would be a great addition to the field. I do feel that the work is missing some basic characterization analysis. If this can be provided I think the paper would be significantly improved.

Key Point:Was there any attempt to perform a bench-top calibration of this probe? I would consider a benchtop calibration, even if it can only be done for a small frequency range or even just DC, to be the first step in the development of a sensor. While voltage outputs are presented, there is no data regarding what the magnetic field strength actually is. I am not requiring that this data be obtained and added to the paper but if it already exists (or if you are inclined to obtain it), I think the quality of the paper would be significantly enhanced. Given the page limit, I think that discussion of the results of a benchtop calibration should suffice (no figures should be necessary unless S_v has a significant frequency dependence).

In lieu of a data from a benchtop calibration, the hall sensor's measurement could be compared to the magnetic field measurement of a conventional field probe in the HSX device. Is there data from a B-dot probe or equivalent that the hall probe could be compared to? This could at least give some bounds on the field being measured by the hall probe? The comparison to stored energy shows temporal consistency in signal strength changes but there is no where in the paper a direct magnetic field measurement comparison.

In summation, it would just be good to see some discussion or analysis of the device's response compared to a traditional magnetic field measurement, a 1:1 comparison. To reiterate, I think the work is still worth publishing if this is not added but the paper's quality would be significantly enhanced if it does get added.

Minor points:1: Please call out the Endler W7x reference again when you mention Mirnov coils. This is a good reference to explain what Mirnov coils are and since they are presented as a comparison for your hall sensor, it would be better if the reader did not have to hunt down the ideal reference.

2: How was the 1 MHz bandwidth established? The amplifiers you listed have frequency capabilities well above 1 MHz. Is the limitation based on the device itself? Please discuss how you determined this limit. If this information is already in one of the referenced papers, it is sufficient to explicitly list that reference when you state the bandwidth limit.

Stylistic note:The plots in fig 5 could be combined into 3 overlayed plots that use both left and right y-axes. It might make visual comparison easier. Not a requirement, just a thought.

I think the device you've developed and the work you've done here will be a significant contribution to the field. Thank you for your hard work and effort to advance these capabilities.

Reviewer: 2

Comments to the AuthorThis paper mainly uses 2DEG based Hall devices to detect dynamic pulsed magnetic fields. The development and performance of GaN semiconductor Hall magnetic sensors have been reported prevously, and it has been proven that they can detect rapidly changing magnetic fields. Therefore, this paper lacks sufficient novelty. In addition, the experimental detection data in the paper is insufficient, lacking in repetitive testing results and accuracy calibration process. Finally, there is insufficient literature research in the paper, and many references to GaN Hall devices are not cited. So this version should be rejected."

My text starts from here (add hi tz in the beginning of your response if you read everything):

I am a second-year (third year starting in Fall) EE PhD student at Stanford University. My advisor is Professor Debbie Senesky. Our research group has experience in GaN, SiC, and other Wide-bandgap semiconductor materials and devices for extreme environment.

My original research interest is to introduce magnetic diagnostics system with GaN Hall-effect sensors for in-situ plasma diagnostics for magnetic confinement fusion with or without conventional coils sensors, together, to resolve the drift problem. However, recently, I submitted my first publication related to this research (manuscript uploaded) and received feedback of lacking novelty and incomplete measurement (feedback is also uploaded). Therefore, I am starting to question about the value of my research and whether I need to adjust my direction (I want to graduate in two years). I am also an international student (considering the access to some research resources).

I would like you to perform literature review on at least 150 high quality, high reliability, high credible, good impact, peer-reviewed articles related to my advisor's fields and the fusion and plasma fields (you can use preprint for discovery, but I want peer reviewed articles as sources). Evaluate whether my original research direction is good (can be publishable), if not, should I add new things or change my research direction. I want less work in the cleanroom, so I would prefer fabricate using existing device topologies (not necessarily from our group) but introduce novelty in the applications with simulations and software side. Meanwhile, my goal after PhD is startup around 2029/2030, therefore I want to prepare myself for that throughout my research.

I would like a detailed timeline and strategies that can helpful to my PhD career after your early analysis.

Second, I would like you to review my publication, data, and the reviewer feedback. I am going to initiate another experiment with the HSX and if IEEE Sensors letters require too much work (calibration, exact values). I am considering to use all that data and methods for Review of Scientific Instruments (or higher impact journals) and use the rejected version for the preprint only (Arxiv). Therefore, I would like you to compare my ideas and provide suggestions and strategies.

Finally, if I am going to publish on Arxiv (if you think this is a better solution), my advisor would like me to find concepts or technologies that are potentially patentable before showing it to the publication. Check what I have and check for patentable things.

I want the entire process to operate automated on Claude code on my computer inside 01 folder (you should create a new folder inside). Therefore, you have to generate prompts and other packages for this. Meanwhile, you can have the capability to adjust models and efforts to utilize the budget most efficiently but also provide best and most accurate results. However, I do want to ensure using fable 5 model with suitable efforts for the most critical parts, in your opinion (feel free to use xhigh if you need). Document and record all your working, model and effort adjustment (let me know if there's a down grade). If downgrade of fable 5 occur for the first time, I would like you to pause, regenerate prompt a try again with fable 5. If downgrade occur again, use codex (mcp) 5.6 sol with corresponding efforts. Log everything including downgrade and model changes to assist us produce additional patches. Provide all necessary files and detailed instructions of setting it up. I want to provide full permission to read and write files inside the folder. I want the least manual interaction, just one command and let claude code finish the rest. I am always using powershell (windows) and I already have claude code logged in through powershell. Before everything starts, I would like to perform a test to see if everything set up correctly.

Finally, provide me a table of different steps and corresponding models. Finally, since my setup includes codex mcp, use 5.6 sol to verify opus operations (if you used opus). If Claude code does not response after 20 minutes. Automatically switch to codex for further operations with equivalent models.

01_PhD_Research.zip is everything I have so far for my research.
07_HSX_august2025_results.zip is the amplified Hall-effect sensor's output with only bias voltage known (other variables were unknown)
regular_lsens.zip is the latex of the rejected publication.